Add --config and a link to clc config (#981)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/migrate/pages/dmt-command-reference.adoc

= DMT Command Reference

The DMT commands allow you to manage your migration. DMT extends CLC, and uses the same the configuration. For further information on the configuration. refer to the https://docs.hazelcast.com/clc/latest/configuration[Configuration for Hazelcast CLC,window=_blank] topic in the CLC documentation. DMT adds migration configuration, which is provided as a path to the migration config folder.

The DMT commands have the following format:

[source,bash]
----
dmt [command] [dmt-config-path] [flags]
----

> [dmt-config-path] is the path of the "migration_config" folder that includes your migration config which's explained in xref:migrate:data-migration-tool.adoc[Using the Data Migration Tool] section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dmt-config-path] is the path of the "migration_config" folder that includes your migration config, which is explained in xref:migrate:data-migration-tool.adoc[Using the Data Migration Tool] section.
```

= DMT Command Reference

> The DMT commands allow you to manage your migration. DMT extends CLC capabilities, so the configuration is the same as https://docs.hazelcast.com/clc/latest/configuration[CLC's configuration]. DMT has a migration config on top of that which is provided as a path to migration config folder. See below for usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DMT commands allow you to manage your migration. DMT extends CLC, and uses the same the configuration. For further information on the configuration. refer to the https://docs.hazelcast.com/clc/latest/configuration[Configuration for Hazelcast CLC,window=_blank] topic in the CLC documentation. DMT adds migration configuration, which is provided as a path to the migration config folder.
```

|If set, the migration starts immediately, without any confirmation.
|`false`

|`--config`

> |Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required if no named config has been added
```

> |Note that this can be omitted if a named config is added before and there is only a single named config DMT can choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This can be omitted if a named config has been added and only a single, named, config is available.
```

Reviewer: Two questions:

1. Can't it be omitted if multiple configs have been added - you just need to select the required config when prompted?
2. If using `--config`, doesn't that make the `[dmt-config-path]` option redundant in the original Usage example?

Author: 1. yes let me change
2. dmt-config-path is for a different config as you know. so why should it make it redundant? do you mean it creates confusion?

Reviewer: Yes, it would be good if some broader explanation could be added to avoid any possible confusion.

Author: I added description

> |config.yaml in the current directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The _config.yaml_ file located in the current directory
```

Author: this wasn't true, removed it

|Output directory for the migration report.
|Current working directory

|`--config`

> |Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required if no named config has been added
```

> |Note that this can be omitted if a named config is added before and there is only a single named config DMT can choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This can be omitted if a named config has been added and only a single, named, config is available.
```

> |config.yaml in the current directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The _config.yaml_ file located in the current directory
```

dmt cancel
----

Parameters:

[cols="1m,1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Parameter|Required|Description|Default

|`--config`

> |Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required if no named config has been added
```

> |Note that this can be omitted if a named config is added before and there is only a single named config DMT can choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This can be omitted if a named config has been added and only a single, named, config is available.
```

> |Note that this can be omitted if a named config is added before and there is only a single named config DMT can choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This can be omitted if a named config has been added and only a single, named, config is available.
```

> |config.yaml in the current directory

Reviewer: |The _config.yaml_ file located in the current directory

----
dmt estimate [dmt-config-path]
----

Parameters:

[cols="1m,1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Parameter|Required|Description|Default

|`--config`

> |Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Required if no named config has been added
```

> |Note that this can be omitted if a named config is added before and there is only a single named config DMT can choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This can be omitted if a named config has been added and only a single, named, config is available.
```

> |config.yaml in the current directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The _config.yaml_ file located in the current directory
```
